Men don't have a good thing
Pull up your pants and run
Ah, honey.
Yeah, you're awake.
I was about to call you to breakfast
You eat first
I'll be there in a while. Can't you eat?
I'll wait for you and we'll eat together.
Trouble right
This is your new underwear
Try it on.
Can you buy underwear casually?
What if it doesn't fit?
Why doesn't it fit?
How long have we been together?
I knew you were late before I met you. How did you know?
Did you forget the photo on the previous wall?
Please, there is still a big gap between the photo and the real thing, you don't understand, right?
There are references in the photo.
Your height and weight can be calculated according to the reference object.
Add the size and model of your coat to calculate the size of your underwear.
You should stop being a lawyer and become a police officer
I became a lawyer because of you, again
The moment you convinced the judge
I think you are like light
Very important
There are so many people walking around, I only see you in my eyes
So I made a wish to be with you
Yeah, you should stop being a cop.
Go write a novel